"The Witchcraft that Caster uses is all physical
phenomena performed with her own body. While
common Magecraft are  programs that "recompose
what exists around," Witchcraft are programs that
"recompose the raw materials in one's own body."

According to Caster's own words:

"This time there is only one due the constrains of
the Moon Cell, but originally I could produce a
million troops from my multiple tails!"

That is really suspicious though."
[The Witchcraft that Caster uses is all physical
phenomena performed with her own body. While
common Magecraft are  programs that "recompose
what exists around," Witchcraft are programs that
"recompose the raw materials in one's own body."

According to Caster's own words:

"This time there is only one due the constrains of
the Moon Cell, but originally I could produce a
million troops from my multiple tails!"

That is really suspicious though.]

"This skill involves the use of the infamous
Killing Stone of Nasu. After her death,
Tamamo-no-Mae's spirit began to haunt the area
around this stone and also imbued it with a
terrible curse that killed any creature that came
near it.

Originally located in the Nasu highlands of
Tochigi Prefecture, the stone was shattered by a
virtuous monk by the name of Gennou who then
scattered the pieces across three places in Japan.
It is believed that the shards of the rock evolved
into fox spirits known in Japanese as kitsune and
inukami. The legends go on to say that these
newly-born spirits were bound as familiars by
wizards powerful enough to establish contracts
with the divine."
[This skill involves the use of the infamous
Killing Stone of Nasu. After her death,
Tamamo-no-Mae's spirit began to haunt the area
around this stone and also imbued it with a
terrible curse that killed any creature that came
near it.

Originally located in the Nasu highlands of
Tochigi Prefecture, the stone was shattered by a
virtuous monk by the name of Gennou who then
scattered the pieces across three places in Japan.
It is believed that the shards of the rock evolved
into fox spirits known in Japanese as kitsune and
inukami. The legends go on to say that these
newly-born spirits were bound as familiars by
wizards powerful enough to establish contracts
with the divine.]

"A mirror wielded by Tamamo-no-Mae. It is one of
the sacred treasures brought down from the Heavens
by the god Takehinateru-no-Mikoto and was
originally kept in the great shrine in the Izumo
Province. According to passages in the Chronicles
of Japan, the mirror was later moved to a site in
the Kawachi district at the behest of the
Imperial Court.

The mirror is also known as Yata-no-Kagami and is
frequently used in rites honoring the sun goddess
Amaterasu. In addition to its importance in ritual
observances, it is also thought to possess the
power to bring the dead back from the afterlife.
However, since Caster's rebirth as a Servant, this
power is no longer accessible."
[A mirror wielded by Tamamo-no-Mae. It is one of
the sacred treasures brought down from the Heavens
by the god Takehinateru-no-Mikoto and was
originally kept in the great shrine in the Izumo
Province. According to passages in the Chronicles
of Japan, the mirror was later moved to a site in
the Kawachi district at the behest of the
Imperial Court.

The mirror is also known as Yata-no-Kagami and is
frequently used in rites honoring the sun goddess
Amaterasu. In addition to its importance in ritual
observances, it is also thought to possess the
power to bring the dead back from the afterlife.
However, since Caster's rebirth as a Servant, this
power is no longer accessible.]

"An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed."
[An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed.]

"This skill allows one to create a reality tailored
specifically to their skills as a magus.
Unfortunately for Caster, her personality
is ill-suited for the task of manipulating reality
and she has great difficulty even creating a
small-scale crafting studio for creating minor
amulets and other types of low-level talismans."
[This skill allows one to create a reality tailored
specifically to their skills as a magus.
Unfortunately for Caster, her personality
is ill-suited for the task of manipulating reality
and she has great difficulty even creating a
small-scale crafting studio for creating minor
amulets and other types of low-level talismans.]

"The sacred rituals of the Dakini goddesses. The
rituals confer the abilities to perform such
actions as foretell the time and place of one's
death and manipulate the hearts and minds of both
men and women. Due to a number of very harsh
lessons impressed upon her in her past,
Tamamo-no-Mae no longer makes use of her still
formidable skills in these areas."
[The sacred rituals of the Dakini goddesses. The
rituals confer the abilities to perform such
actions as foretell the time and place of one's
death and manipulate the hearts and minds of both
men and women. Due to a number of very harsh
lessons impressed upon her in her past,
Tamamo-no-Mae no longer makes use of her still
formidable skills in these areas.]

"This refers to the abilities of either changing
ones appearance or borrowing the physical form of
another. As a kitsune, or fox spirit,
Tamamo-no-Mae is able to alter her appearance and
even species at will. However, due to a
traumatizing event in a past incarnation that
resulted in her death and temporary damnation, she
rarely, if ever, uses this ability."
[This refers to the abilities of either changing
ones appearance or borrowing the physical form of
another. As a kitsune, or fox spirit,
Tamamo-no-Mae is able to alter her appearance and
even species at will. However, due to a
traumatizing event in a past incarnation that
resulted in her death and temporary damnation, she
rarely, if ever, uses this ability.]

"In the final years of the Heian period, there was
a beautiful courtesan in service to the Emperor
Toba known as Tamamo-no-Mae. Born Misukume, she
first entered the court as a servant at the age of
18, but quickly became a well-respected lady and a
favorite of the emperor himself due to her
incredible beauty and the depth of her
intelligence.

While the stories become somewhat murky on this
point, the most widely excepted theory is that an
itinerant fortune teller visiting Emperor Toba's
court discovered Tamamo-no-Mae's true identity as
a nine-tailed fox spirit. Tamamo-no-Mae was
denounced as the cause of the emperor's lingering
illness and was driven out of the palace and onto
the plains of Nasu, where she was killed trying to
defend herself against an army of 80,000 soldiers
sent by the emperor. While no one knows exactly
what happened to her afterwards, it is believed
that she was transformed into the legendary
killing stone."
[In the final years of the Heian period, there was
a beautiful courtesan in service to the Emperor
Toba known as Tamamo-no-Mae. Born Misukume, she
first entered the court as a servant at the age of
18, but quickly became a well-respected lady and a
favorite of the emperor himself due to her
incredible beauty and the depth of her
intelligence.

While the stories become somewhat murky on this
point, the most widely excepted theory is that an
itinerant fortune teller visiting Emperor Toba's
court discovered Tamamo-no-Mae's true identity as
a nine-tailed fox spirit. Tamamo-no-Mae was
denounced as the cause of the emperor's lingering
illness and was driven out of the palace and onto
the plains of Nasu, where she was killed trying to
defend herself against an army of 80,000 soldiers
sent by the emperor. While no one knows exactly
what happened to her afterwards, it is believed
that she was transformed into the legendary
killing stone.]

"While Tamamo-no-Mae is generally believed to be a
nine-tailed fox spirit with many of the attributes
associated with the tantric deities known as
Dankini, she is frequently mistaken by many as one
of the Inari or sometimes even a manifestation
of Buddha.

In the Fate/EXTRA universe, Tamamo-no-Mae is a
soul that was created from the essence of the sun
goddess Amaterasu, and as such is not merely a
Earth spirit, but is actually a unique facet of
the goddess from which she came. With this being
said, it'd be a monumental mistake to classify her
as one of the many human-spawned Heroic Spirits.

However, she willingly embraced the role of a
Heroic Spirit so that she could, in her own words
"become a good wife." By deliberately accepting
the limits inherent in the role of Servant, many
of her original powers have been sealed away.

On a final note, as most deities are neither truly
good nor evil, there are instances when
Tamamo-no-Mae can be summoned as an evil spirit.
Should this happen, she will be transformed into a
hideous monster capable of defeating a hundred
heroes at once. In fact, when in this form, she is
considered one of Japan's Three Great Monsters."
[While Tamamo-no-Mae is generally believed to be a
nine-tailed fox spirit with many of the attributes
associated with the tantric deities known as
Dankini, she is frequently mistaken by many as one
of the Inari or sometimes even a manifestation
of Buddha.

In the Fate/EXTRA universe, Tamamo-no-Mae is a
soul that was created from the essence of the sun
goddess Amaterasu, and as such is not merely a
Earth spirit, but is actually a unique facet of
the goddess from which she came. With this being
said, it'd be a monumental mistake to classify her
as one of the many human-spawned Heroic Spirits.

However, she willingly embraced the role of a
Heroic Spirit so that she could, in her own words
"become a good wife." By deliberately accepting
the limits inherent in the role of Servant, many
of her original powers have been sealed away.

On a final note, as most deities are neither truly
good nor evil, there are instances when
Tamamo-no-Mae can be summoned as an evil spirit.
Should this happen, she will be transformed into a
hideous monster capable of defeating a hundred
heroes at once. In fact, when in this form, she is
considered one of Japan's Three Great Monsters.]

"The Witchcraft that Caster ..."
[The Witchcraft that Caster ...]

"This skill involves the use..."
[This skill involves the use...]

"A mirror wielded by Tamamo-..."
[A mirror wielded by Tamamo-...]

"An anonym of the Noble Phan..."
[An anonym of the Noble Phan...]

"This skill allows one to cr..."
[This skill allows one to cr...]

"The sacred rituals of the D..."
[The sacred rituals of the D...]

"This refers to the abilitie..."
[This refers to the abilitie...]

"In the final years of the H..."
[In the final years of the H...]

"While Tamamo-no-Mae is gene..."
[While Tamamo-no-Mae is gene...]


