"Lu Bu excelled at archery and was especially adept
at shooting from horseback, earning him the
nickname the "Flying General." He was very close
to Liu Bei, one of the heroes of the Three
Kingdoms era of Chinese history, and considered
him to be his brother. When Liu Bei found his
armies surrounded by Ji Ling, an ally of Lu Bu,
Lu Bu went alone to meet with the heads of the
opposing sides in an effort to stop the impending
bloodshed.

Upon arriving at the gate of Ji Ling's encampment,
he ordered that a halberd be set into the ground
150 paces away from where he stood. He then turned
to the two leaders, and said the following:

"I will shoot an arrow, and if it hits the small
blade sticking out from the side of that halberd,
you withdraw your forces immediately. If I miss,
you are free to slaughter each other down to the
last man."

Both the Earth and the Heavens aligned in perfect
harmony, and Lu Bu's arrow hit the intended
target, forcing Ji Ling to withdraw his forces."
[Lu Bu excelled at archery and was especially adept
at shooting from horseback, earning him the
nickname the "Flying General." He was very close
to Liu Bei, one of the heroes of the Three
Kingdoms era of Chinese history, and considered
him to be his brother. When Liu Bei found his
armies surrounded by Ji Ling, an ally of Lu Bu,
Lu Bu went alone to meet with the heads of the
opposing sides in an effort to stop the impending
bloodshed.

Upon arriving at the gate of Ji Ling's encampment,
he ordered that a halberd be set into the ground
150 paces away from where he stood. He then turned
to the two leaders, and said the following:

"I will shoot an arrow, and if it hits the small
blade sticking out from the side of that halberd,
you withdraw your forces immediately. If I miss,
you are free to slaughter each other down to the
last man."

Both the Earth and the Heavens aligned in perfect
harmony, and Lu Bu's arrow hit the intended
target, forcing Ji Ling to withdraw his forces.]

""Among men, Lu Bu; among horses, Red Hare."
As Lu Bu was considered the most powerful warrior
in China, so was his most favored horse considered
the most powerful steed to be found in any of the
major kingdoms.

The animal would allow no other person to ride it,
or even allow anyone but Lu Bu to handle its
reins. Its physical prowess was also legendary and
it has been said that Lu Bu managed to jump across
a 30 meter wide moat while riding Red Hare."
["Among men, Lu Bu; among horses, Red Hare."
As Lu Bu was considered the most powerful warrior
in China, so was his most favored horse considered
the most powerful steed to be found in any of the
major kingdoms.

The animal would allow no other person to ride it,
or even allow anyone but Lu Bu to handle its
reins. Its physical prowess was also legendary and
it has been said that Lu Bu managed to jump across
a 30 meter wide moat while riding Red Hare.]

"The true name given to Lu Bu Feng Xian's legendary
halberd, the Sky Piercer. This weapon was
considered the epitome of the weaponsmith's art as
it perfectly balances all aspects of hand-to-hand
combat into one formidable package.

The God Force was a masterpiece of Chinese weapons
design created by the smith Chen Gong especially
for Lu Bu, who he saw as the reincarnation of the
ancient war god Guan Yu. Chen Gong believed that
this god was responsible for the introduction of
weaponry to the Chinese and strove to create a
weapon that contained the strengths of all the
weapons known to humanity at the time. This lead
to the creation of Lu Bu's Noble Phantasm, which
allows him to use his vast knowledge of the
martial arts to adapt to and take advantage of his
opponent's weaknesses.

Due to being under the effects of the Blind Rage
enhancement, most of Lu Bu's skills have been
erased from his mind and only his knowledge of the
spear and of basic artillery (such as cannons)
remains."
[The true name given to Lu Bu Feng Xian's legendary
halberd, the Sky Piercer. This weapon was
considered the epitome of the weaponsmith's art as
it perfectly balances all aspects of hand-to-hand
combat into one formidable package.

The God Force was a masterpiece of Chinese weapons
design created by the smith Chen Gong especially
for Lu Bu, who he saw as the reincarnation of the
ancient war god Guan Yu. Chen Gong believed that
this god was responsible for the introduction of
weaponry to the Chinese and strove to create a
weapon that contained the strengths of all the
weapons known to humanity at the time. This lead
to the creation of Lu Bu's Noble Phantasm, which
allows him to use his vast knowledge of the
martial arts to adapt to and take advantage of his
opponent's weaknesses.

Due to being under the effects of the Blind Rage
enhancement, most of Lu Bu's skills have been
erased from his mind and only his knowledge of the
spear and of basic artillery (such as cannons)
remains.]

"An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed."
[An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed.]

"Gives a significant boost to most stats, but at
the cost of one's reason and sanity. As all
decisions are made by the Master, the Servant
under this spell will be little more than an
empty automaton."
[Gives a significant boost to most stats, but at
the cost of one's reason and sanity. As all
decisions are made by the Master, the Servant
under this spell will be little more than an
empty automaton.]

"Gives one the ability to negate any type of mental
interference. It also improves the damage done by
melee attack and increases one's bravery. However,
as Lu Bu was summoned as a Berserker, the
importance of bravery has been made moot."
[Gives one the ability to negate any type of mental
interference. It also improves the damage done by
melee attack and increases one's bravery. However,
as Lu Bu was summoned as a Berserker, the
importance of bravery has been made moot.]

"Gives one the temperament of a lone wolf; unable
and unwilling to settle in one place or serve one
master. This person will never be able to follow
greatness, yet is incapable of finding greatness
on his own. This skill negates the effect of
Charisma skills of the same rank."
[Gives one the temperament of a lone wolf; unable
and unwilling to settle in one place or serve one
master. This person will never be able to follow
greatness, yet is incapable of finding greatness
on his own. This skill negates the effect of
Charisma skills of the same rank.]

"His name is synonymous with treachery and
betrayal, though his fame as a mighty general was
known throughout the period of Chinese history
known as the era of the Three Kingdoms.

His martial abilities are so advanced that he can
easily be classified in any of the five classes
present in the Holy Grail War: Lancer, Rider,
Assassin, Berserker and Archer."
[His name is synonymous with treachery and
betrayal, though his fame as a mighty general was
known throughout the period of Chinese history
known as the era of the Three Kingdoms.

His martial abilities are so advanced that he can
easily be classified in any of the five classes
present in the Holy Grail War: Lancer, Rider,
Assassin, Berserker and Archer.]

"Lu Bu Feng Xian, the traitorous general mentioned
in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.

While he had considerable success on the field of
battle, his legacy will be forever stained by his
callous betrayal of the two men who took him in as
a son. His military prowess elevated him to one of
the strongest generals of the Three Kingdoms,
though his inability to trust or follow led to his
downfall. His lack of judgment was such that he
slew Ding Yuan, the first of many confidants he
betrayed, at the urgings of Dong Zhou, who was
frequently referred to as the Demon Warlord. But
once again Lu Bu's true nature emerged and he
ended up slaying Dong Zhou.

After this second act of treason, he wandered
around the provinces of North China, attempting to
bring them all under his domination. However, his
inability to rule led to his capture and execution
by the general Cao Cao.

In the end, it was Lu Bu's hubris that brought him
down as he believed that he was the mightiest
general alive and that no one could defeat him.
And although his patron Chen Gong was disappointed
and disillusioned by him, he was able to use Lu Bu
in his own machinations until his student's death."
[Lu Bu Feng Xian, the traitorous general mentioned
in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.

While he had considerable success on the field of
battle, his legacy will be forever stained by his
callous betrayal of the two men who took him in as
a son. His military prowess elevated him to one of
the strongest generals of the Three Kingdoms,
though his inability to trust or follow led to his
downfall. His lack of judgment was such that he
slew Ding Yuan, the first of many confidants he
betrayed, at the urgings of Dong Zhou, who was
frequently referred to as the Demon Warlord. But
once again Lu Bu's true nature emerged and he
ended up slaying Dong Zhou.

After this second act of treason, he wandered
around the provinces of North China, attempting to
bring them all under his domination. However, his
inability to rule led to his capture and execution
by the general Cao Cao.

In the end, it was Lu Bu's hubris that brought him
down as he believed that he was the mightiest
general alive and that no one could defeat him.
And although his patron Chen Gong was disappointed
and disillusioned by him, he was able to use Lu Bu
in his own machinations until his student's death.]

"Lu Bu excelled at archery a..."
[Lu Bu excelled at archery a...]

""Among men, Lu Bu; among ho..."
["Among men, Lu Bu; among ho...]

"The true name given to Lu B..."
[The true name given to Lu B...]

"An anonym of the Noble Phan..."
[An anonym of the Noble Phan...]

"Gives a significant boost t..."
[Gives a significant boost t...]

"Gives one the ability to ne..."
[Gives one the ability to ne...]

"Gives one the temperament o..."
[Gives one the temperament o...]

"His name is synonymous with..."
[His name is synonymous with...]

"Lu Bu Feng Xian, the traito..."
[Lu Bu Feng Xian, the traito...]


