"In the distant past, it was the forest said to be
the place where a famous chivalrous thief fought
against the tyranny of John, Richard the
Lionheart's younger brother and ruler in absentia
while Richard was away on the Crusades. It is also
a forest that, according to Druid beliefs, is
where the fairies dwell."
[In the distant past, it was the forest said to be
the place where a famous chivalrous thief fought
against the tyranny of John, Richard the
Lionheart's younger brother and ruler in absentia
while Richard was away on the Crusades. It is also
a forest that, according to Druid beliefs, is
where the fairies dwell.]

"A king without form who, according to Celtic
tradition, appears in the May Day festival that
follows the Festival of Beltane. He is also seen
as a personification of nature who used copious
amounts of green and brown in his clothing in
order to completely blend in with his
surroundings."
[A king without form who, according to Celtic
tradition, appears in the May Day festival that
follows the Festival of Beltane. He is also seen
as a personification of nature who used copious
amounts of green and brown in his clothing in
order to completely blend in with his
surroundings.]

"The wood used to make the yew bow wielded by this
Servant was taken from a specific tree located in
the forest he used as his base of operations. It
has the power to identify and amplify any
impurities (both physical and mental), causing
them to explode with incredible force.

Yew trees have many mystical and religious
connotations attributed to them by Celtic beliefs,
and the act of making a bow from the wood of a yew
was seen a contract to "become one with the
forest." It was also believed the yew trees served
as signpost for the deceased to guide them to the
afterlife. It was this connection between the yew
and death that caused this Servant to remark that
he wanted to be buried where his final arrow
fell. To nobody's surprise, it landed at the foot
of the yew tree where he first got the wood to
make his bow."
[The wood used to make the yew bow wielded by this
Servant was taken from a specific tree located in
the forest he used as his base of operations. It
has the power to identify and amplify any
impurities (both physical and mental), causing
them to explode with incredible force.

Yew trees have many mystical and religious
connotations attributed to them by Celtic beliefs,
and the act of making a bow from the wood of a yew
was seen a contract to "become one with the
forest." It was also believed the yew trees served
as signpost for the deceased to guide them to the
afterlife. It was this connection between the yew
and death that caused this Servant to remark that
he wanted to be buried where his final arrow
fell. To nobody's surprise, it landed at the foot
of the yew tree where he first got the wood to
make his bow.]

"An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed."
[An anonym of the Noble Phantasm will be displayed.]

"Cancels single-action spells. It also bestows
magical resistance equal to that normally provided
by a physical talisman such as an amulet."
[Cancels single-action spells. It also bestows
magical resistance equal to that normally provided
by a physical talisman such as an amulet.]

"This ability allows him to remain independent by
rejecting any kind of support from his Master.
When this skill reaches rank A, he can remain in
the world for a full week, even if his Master
were to be defeated."
[This ability allows him to remain independent by
rejecting any kind of support from his Master.
When this skill reaches rank A, he can remain in
the world for a full week, even if his Master
were to be defeated.]

"This skill allows one to seriously reduce their
enemy's might before facing them in battle. It is
an ability used by those who've mastered the art
of setting traps. Upon achieving an A rank in this
skill, one can disable almost 60% of their enemy's
forces before they get the chance to advance.
However, the higher the ranking of this skill, the
lower one's reputation as a hero becomes."
[This skill allows one to seriously reduce their
enemy's might before facing them in battle. It is
an ability used by those who've mastered the art
of setting traps. Upon achieving an A rank in this
skill, one can disable almost 60% of their enemy's
forces before they get the chance to advance.
However, the higher the ranking of this skill, the
lower one's reputation as a hero becomes.]

"While the origins of the legends of the chivalrous
thief who dwelt in the Sherwood Forest are a
subject of constant and spirited debate, it is
generally acknowledged that there was an actual
person who held the name Robin Hood and that he
died at the hands of his aunt, the prioress of
Kirklees, who is believed to have bleed him to
death in the guise of administering aid for his
wounds. However, many of the exploits attributed
to him are a curious amalgamation of Celtic,
Greek, and Druid mythologies.

One of the most persistent of the Robin Hood
legends identifies him originally as a faceless
hero who was born from the prayers of residents of
the British Isles. Weary of the seemingly endless
incursions and invasions of their country, they
asked the heavens for someone to fight off the
foreign invaders. A concurrent legend pegs Robin
Hood as a representation of the "Green Man", a
spirit of the woods who would carry out the
actions and deeds that the common layperson could
not. It was this belief that transformed the name
into a title assumed by a number of nameless,
faceless heroes who took up the mantle of
protecting the people.

Those who assume the identity of Robin Hood tend
to be very conflicted young men. Incredibly
virtuous and honorable, yet always working out of
the shadows like an assassin or thief, there seems
to be a slight tinge of cowardice to their makeup.
To cover the self-loathing that also seems to be
part of every Robin Hood's personality, they all
uniformly adopt a somewhat combative and derisive
attitude. And though every person to adopt the
Robin Hood persona truly values life above all
else, they have little appreciation for their own.

Like the original Robin Hood, he is under the
protection of the fairies and is well-versed in
the archaic lore of the Druids. And like all
"defenders of the forest" his knowledge of
naturally occurring medicines and poisons is
second to none."
[While the origins of the legends of the chivalrous
thief who dwelt in the Sherwood Forest are a
subject of constant and spirited debate, it is
generally acknowledged that there was an actual
person who held the name Robin Hood and that he
died at the hands of his aunt, the prioress of
Kirklees, who is believed to have bleed him to
death in the guise of administering aid for his
wounds. However, many of the exploits attributed
to him are a curious amalgamation of Celtic,
Greek, and Druid mythologies.

One of the most persistent of the Robin Hood
legends identifies him originally as a faceless
hero who was born from the prayers of residents of
the British Isles. Weary of the seemingly endless
incursions and invasions of their country, they
asked the heavens for someone to fight off the
foreign invaders. A concurrent legend pegs Robin
Hood as a representation of the "Green Man", a
spirit of the woods who would carry out the
actions and deeds that the common layperson could
not. It was this belief that transformed the name
into a title assumed by a number of nameless,
faceless heroes who took up the mantle of
protecting the people.

Those who assume the identity of Robin Hood tend
to be very conflicted young men. Incredibly
virtuous and honorable, yet always working out of
the shadows like an assassin or thief, there seems
to be a slight tinge of cowardice to their makeup.
To cover the self-loathing that also seems to be
part of every Robin Hood's personality, they all
uniformly adopt a somewhat combative and derisive
attitude. And though every person to adopt the
Robin Hood persona truly values life above all
else, they have little appreciation for their own.

Like the original Robin Hood, he is under the
protection of the fairies and is well-versed in
the archaic lore of the Druids. And like all
"defenders of the forest" his knowledge of
naturally occurring medicines and poisons is
second to none.]

"Just one of the many young men to take up the
title, this particular incarnation was a virtual
outcast, living on the fringes of the village
located near the spot where his parents had died. 
Almost against his will, he was caught up in a
battle to repel and attack by a nearby lord's army
and successful led those who fought by his side to
victory. As he never identified himself during the
course of the fight, he was referred to as the
mythical "Green Man" by the villagers he had
helped save.

The only child of a wandering Druid, he was
orphaned at a very young age when both of his
parents died suddenly. As the son of a Druid, he
instinctively knew how to survive in the forest
and was able to communicate with the spirits known
as fairies. It was this ability that made him an
outcast in his village, as the villagers were
suspicious of his powers and accused him of being
possessed. Although the villagers held no love for
him, nor he for them, he felt obligated to help
them in any way he could.

With his successes against the tyranny of the
local lords to spur him on and the hopes and
wishes of the villagers pinned to his deeds, he
took up the bow and mantle and became the latest
incarnation of Robin Hood. And like those who came
before him, he dressed in clothes of Lincoln
green, armed himself with a bow of yew, and
surrendered his identity and true self for the
good of others.

However, no good deed goes unpunished, and the
villagers quickly turned on him in hopes of
channeling the anger of the local nobility away
from themselves and on to this mysterious rogue
who rampaged through the forest, claiming that
they had no knowledge of who he was nor did they
ever claim to be thankful for his help in
preserving the village. Even though the people he
vowed to help turned on him, he continued to
protect and assist them from the shadows. With
every poisoning, every ambush, his reputation as a
coward and criminal grew, despite his honorable
intentions.

After two years of almost constant fighting, he
was eventually betrayed and assassinated by one of
the local lords whose ire he had raised. It was
this young man, who fought so that others could
lead the quiet life he dreamed of, that joined the
ranks of Heroic Spirits found worthy to fight in
the Holy Grail Wars."
[Just one of the many young men to take up the
title, this particular incarnation was a virtual
outcast, living on the fringes of the village
located near the spot where his parents had died. 
Almost against his will, he was caught up in a
battle to repel and attack by a nearby lord's army
and successful led those who fought by his side to
victory. As he never identified himself during the
course of the fight, he was referred to as the
mythical "Green Man" by the villagers he had
helped save.

The only child of a wandering Druid, he was
orphaned at a very young age when both of his
parents died suddenly. As the son of a Druid, he
instinctively knew how to survive in the forest
and was able to communicate with the spirits known
as fairies. It was this ability that made him an
outcast in his village, as the villagers were
suspicious of his powers and accused him of being
possessed. Although the villagers held no love for
him, nor he for them, he felt obligated to help
them in any way he could.

With his successes against the tyranny of the
local lords to spur him on and the hopes and
wishes of the villagers pinned to his deeds, he
took up the bow and mantle and became the latest
incarnation of Robin Hood. And like those who came
before him, he dressed in clothes of Lincoln
green, armed himself with a bow of yew, and
surrendered his identity and true self for the
good of others.

However, no good deed goes unpunished, and the
villagers quickly turned on him in hopes of
channeling the anger of the local nobility away
from themselves and on to this mysterious rogue
who rampaged through the forest, claiming that
they had no knowledge of who he was nor did they
ever claim to be thankful for his help in
preserving the village. Even though the people he
vowed to help turned on him, he continued to
protect and assist them from the shadows. With
every poisoning, every ambush, his reputation as a
coward and criminal grew, despite his honorable
intentions.

After two years of almost constant fighting, he
was eventually betrayed and assassinated by one of
the local lords whose ire he had raised. It was
this young man, who fought so that others could
lead the quiet life he dreamed of, that joined the
ranks of Heroic Spirits found worthy to fight in
the Holy Grail Wars.]

"In the distant past, it was..."
[In the distant past, it was...]

"A king without form who, ac..."
[A king without form who, ac...]

"The wood used to make the y..."
[The wood used to make the y...]

"An anonym of the Noble Phan..."
[An anonym of the Noble Phan...]

"Cancels single-action spell..."
[Cancels single-action spell...]

"This ability allows him to ..."
[This ability allows him to ...]

"This skill allows one to se..."
[This skill allows one to se...]

"While the origins of the le..."
[While the origins of the le...]

"Just one of the many young ..."
[Just one of the many young ...]


